In this video I'll explain later to broadcast traffic and how it impacts the performance of either a
physical or virtual switch.
Now there can be a variety of different reasons that a virtual machine or physical machine generates
a layer to broadcast.
The most common reason is an ARP request and I'm going to do a video on that as well.
But let's just focus on what actually happens when a layer to broadcast is generated.
Now with ethernet layer 2 or IP.
LEHRER 3 there are special addresses called broadcast addresses.
And basically if you send a frame to the broadcast address within that frame is going to be flooded
to every single port.
That's part of that layer to network.
So let's take a look at our diagram here and I've got a bunch of virtual machines those little white
blocks up at the top.
Those represent virtual or physical machines.
Doesn't really matter.
And one of those virtual machines or physical machines sends a very true broadcast to the physical switch.
Along with the physical switches going to do is it is going to receive that frame.
Take a look at the destination MAC and the destination MAC address is a layer to broadcast the dress.
So it will then for that frame out every single pore on that switch and every single machine will receive
a copy right.
This is kind of like I always equate this to let's say or shopping or you're at the grocery store or
some department store and somebody comes over the P.A. system and says Please pay attention everybody
the following.
License plate numbers left their lights on in the parking lot and everybody kind of stops and just waits
for a moment and listens to hear if it's their car.
Well it's kind of like what a broadcast is you're sending something out to everybody.
But really only one person cares about it.
Right.
And that's kind of what our requests are like.
And that's what a lot of broadcast traffic is like.
So ideally we'd like to avoid this broadcast traffic as much as we possibly can especially our requests.
Now let's say for example that our switch is actually connected to another switch as well.
It may be either a physical or virtual switch.
Again it doesn't really matter is connected to another switch.
And via some sort of interest much like maybe there's an ethernet connection or a trunk Kapoor that
connects these two switches together.
Well in that scenario the broadcast will actually flow from one switch to another.
This is all part of a layer to network.
So if my broadcast is originated by a machine connected to the virtual switch on top it will also be
passed with the switch on bottom.
And again every device connected to that switch will receive a copy of that letter to broadcast.
Now let's make one more change to our typology here.
Let's add a router and one more switch.
And this which is connected to the network via our router.
So there's a router in between the two switches on the left and the switch on the right.
What do you suppose happens to our lair to broadcast in this scenario.
Well the broadcast will be passed to that router.
The router will receive that Lero to broadcast because the router is also connected to that Lerato network.
However that's the end of it.
The router does not ever pass where to broadcast traffic out to other network segments.
So that's kind of the limiting factor in our physical or virtual that work to those Lehre to broadcasters
when they hit a router they stop their.